the Pittsburgh basketball club pro-am
playoffs tipped off monday night at
greentree plenty of pitt Panthers in
action and they did not disappoint in
Game one the lair featuring Dante Taylor
and the return of Isaiah X playing in
his first game since the very first
night of the lead they came into the
playoffs as the three seed taking on the
sixth seed center court featuring jayjay
more John Johnson khem birch and Mick
River Johnson actually went old Joe
Namath on me last week and guaranteed
that his center court team despite
having the worst record in the lead
heading into the playoff we're gonna win
the whole thing and on Monday they got
one step closer Taylor got the scoring
started for the lair but he did most of
his damage in the second half as he was
held in check by Bert early on and birch
seems to be getting better every night
I'd probably his most impressive outing
of the summer thus far here he gets the
board runs the floor trails to play
right back to him off the glass and in
search was scoring around the rim
pulling down rebounds and blocking shots
of course and get Jace he just got his
wisdom teeth out a few days ago his
first shot he might not have blocked it
but he certainly altered it the second
one he definitely got a piece of and
then on offense ball gets tapped around
he's going to come up with it lays it in
off the glass for the bucket and the
foul and this you just love to see off
of his own miss playing above the rim
gets the board and slammed it back home
birch finished with 12 points 13 boards
and around five or six blocks another
shot either altered or partially blocked
their bitch the guy you see scoring
years that really dominated in this one
from start to finish yes JJ Moore was
spectacular once again for center court
he was filling it up right from the
start no surprise there on this play the
rebounds gonna end up in his hand
banging inside for the tough two points
and then handling the ball in transition
no one's going to be able to stop him
knifes right through the defense for the
finger roll and again working inside
goes right by his defenders can't
kiddush but he's going to keep it alive
hip in his own miss
and then also rebound in the corner you
can't give them that much room money but
that's the trouble with guarding more if
you don't play off of them boom that's
what's going to happen you go right by
you or the late folks what you're about
to see here is just stupid take a list
it really just seems like he gets more
explosive every night and more
importantly his shot selection is
getting better every night you needed
just 17 shots and met 29 points 3 4 5
from beyond the arc 11 47 flew from the
floor no turnovers great performance for
more but his sidekick John Johnson
Johnny flip was fabulous as usual as
well going for 19 points on 6 4 13
shooting for for 7 from downtown Siri
goes right past peps through the hoop
off the glass and in and then bringing
the defense as he always does getting
right up in epson's grill not giving him
any room Epps is going to lose it Nick
rivers with the steal and the beautiful
pass ahead to Johnson for the finger
rolls speaking of sweet passes Johnson's
not going to get an assist for this one
since it isn't hockey but he should as
it leads to the easy bucket his outside
shot which is sometimes inconsistent was
pretty reliable for him on Monday as he
pulls up and drains that one he really
started to heat up in the second half
this next three was huge as it gave
center court a ten-point lead just over
five minutes left apps must have been
rusty because he really struggled
finishing with just one point one assist
in four turnovers but fortunately for
the lair his teammate John Tate Taylor
was an absolute monster in the second
half and helped him keep it close he
finished with 20 and 12 in this one and
he literally moves the hoop with this
thunderous jam but it wasn't just dunks
for the big man he was finishing with
ease around the rim off the nice pass
there and this one a pretty impressive
smooth play as he picks it up and laid
it in
one motion and what would a Dante Taylor
highlight be without his little baby
hook and on this play literally for blue
shirts try to stop them towers through
all of them to get the and one in this
just in if you don't Fox them out you're
going to get dunked on oh my but all
that some Taylor wasn't enough at center
court goes on to give us a 7360 upset
over the layer and they move on to face
PDP trucking in the semis in the second
quarter final matchup Ashton Gibbs in
Lamar Patterson with help from Gary
McGee for spk law squared off against to
leave zona de Ron Johnson and aaron wong
quo of UPMC and this one's wasn't even
close Johnson and zana put up 14 and 13
respectively for UPMC but Ashton Gibbs
was just a one-man wrecking crew for
SPCA long he was getting it done from
the outside from the inside you name it
he did it on Monday nights of one of the
more eye-popping stat lines you'll
probably see at the green free-throw am
31 points 12 for 17 shooting 3 for 7
from 3-point range or report from the
free-throw line 6 boards five assists
just two turnovers if there was any
doubting that action gives was the best
player in this league before tonight it
should have been erased after that
magnificent display by the seniors are
his teammates didn't really have to do
much but Patterson shift in 11 points
including that Ali and McGee had nine
and seven boards with a couple of
high-flying plan but other than the
scoring and relatively strong play from
Johnson and Donna as well as this
backboard alley-oop to walk on Aaron
Waugh whoa making his first appearance
nothing was working for UPMC and this
one and SG que la Cruz's to a 98 65 win
and they make a statement as they move
on to face PDC the number one seed in
the semi-finals so a great first night
of the postseason at the pro-am center
court upsets the lair spk law takes down
UPMC the semifinals will take place
tuesday and should only be better i'm
brian batco from Panther Sports Network